docs(golang): Minor grammar error in readme (#30938)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/golang.md

1. Renovate extracts existing dependencies from `require` statements
1. Renovate resolves the dependency's source repository and checks for SemVer tags if found. Otherwise commits and `v0.0.0-....` syntax will be used
1. If Renovate finds an update, Renovate will update `go.mod` to the new value

> 1. Renovate runs `go get` to update the `go.sum` files (you can configure which directory is included using the `goGetDirs` option)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Renovate runs `go get` to update the `go.sum` files (you can configure which directories are included using the `goGetDirs` option)
```
